[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying the
afternoon and today I have come to comment on this
news that was given this morning by
the medium that we have not the other TV that
in case someone does not know how to access the other
type of SOS I am going to leave the link in the
fixed comment okay it is a
news medium that we have apart from YouTube
because in my kids dotcom we have
another news medium of written press
not in case you also want to know what to
have as a home page in
your browsers or whatever okay
I will leave you the link the ope or the link
in the description okay there well my
colleagues in our team publish
news from the surviving television all
the news that there is and in addition we
try to do it with the greatest
professionalism possible it turns out that they have
announced today a two
day special for next week Tuesday the 19th
and Wednesday the 20th of April starting at
10 derocío tell the truth to stay
alive I do not understand absolutely anything about
these people it is not that those who have been the
factory of television in the labor lawsuit
have been sentenced for  violate the
honor of antonio david for having done him
the job for making him an abuser and
above all for commenting on what rocio
carrasco told giving it total veracity when
justice I have already told you on many
occasions no not only is it that they
give us the reason but that there has been an
investigation because it is always said that
no he has not been acquitted because there has not
been a trial but it is that he has been
investigated yes he has been investigated and he is
innocent
mediaset programs the format
possibly as an advance before the
premiere of in the name of rocio medias
e spaña surprised during the morning of
wednesday 13th with this announcement in fact it
was a self-promotion broadcast during the
ana rosa program where
the exact date and time was announced so that
viewers would once again
witness a story that moved
millions of people as the promo says
incredible they announced it suddenly on
the ana rosa program but it's that
nothing had been said here what we see is
that there is now a kind of
good vibes between the rosa program and
the television factory because  of course
this thing about telling the truth to continue
living Rocío, these people from the
TV factory and how come they announced it
exclusively on Ana Rosa's program
instead of "Sálvame" I don't know, both on Tuesday the
19th and Wednesday the 20th of April
Telecinco starting at 10 will be able to
witness once again the silence that Rocío
Carrasco had during
the silence that Rocío Carrasco kept
for 20 years.
Well, I already have this, I have videos, okay, there's
a video, my main channel, let's go to
life and this will take it apart, okay, Rocío's
wallets with, she wasn't silent for
20 years and this, María Patiño knows this.
María Patiño knows this well, how
good what is known by intuition is
that on Tuesday it would only occupy the
Access Access
prime time slot given that it will not be
interrupted in between runs of the
Coronado series on the 11th. In the case of
Wednesday if it were to last all night,
this would mean the disappearance of Passion
of Gavilanes from prime time,
a soap opera that has turned out to be the
biggest fiasco of  In recent years, well, I wouldn't be
surprised because the truth is that no
idea is noticed. Okay, you can see the
promo in the article. Okay, I'll be
leaving it first, the first
pinned comment in the comments box and there you can
see the promo. I don't understand what they're
going to throw for two days. I don't know if there
will be dew on the plate. I don't know what
explanations they're going to give. I don't know if it
's like some kind of celebration that it's
been a year since the documentary. I do
n't know if it's to revive the audience. What I
do understand is that this is a
headlong escape. Okay, but oh well, we'll be on the
lookout and we'll continue to
report. Okay, family, a hug.
[Music]